# 2017-07-24 conda-forge core meeting 

[HackMD link](https://hackmd.io/1VB13FnIQpiruA0lb04MKw?edit)

****
## Attendees
List the attendees for the meeting

## Agenda

Please add new items to the meeting Agenda

### Subteam updates

#### Bot

#### ARM

#### Docs

#### staged-recipes

### CI infrastructure

### Your agenda items

Please add a level three markdown heading (###) with whatever you wish to discuss.



## Discussion
Notes from todays core meeting 


## Check in on previous action items
* [ ] Filipe: Research software for audio listen only access for other members of the community that want to attend but aren't part of core.
* [ ] Filipe to open issue about fixing docs -- there were some issues that came up at the sprints.
* [ ] Mike S.:  pypy Next steps: Say yes / no to the spec, point out potential pitfalls, give it back to (Matti?) and say here's the work that needs to be done.
* [ ] Marius to reach out to Wolf about robot operating systems making it to conda-forge
* [ ] Marius: Open issue on conda-forge.github.io noting work done on the kubernetes cluster 
* [ ] Marius: reach out to internal IT to clean up some Zoom hiccups.
* [ ] Marius: intel compiler architecture repo update.
* [ ] Matt: source-extractor update. Follow-up with Anthony and NumFocus around the renaming issue.
* [ ] Eric: Set up meeting to talk through the conda-forge feature set requirements for the new Anaconda.org
* [ ] Eric: Confirm with core team that no one wants access, as long as the conda-forge feature set is included in the design of the replacement for anaconda.org


## New Action items
Copy new action items to next meetings agenda so we can check in. 
Make sure each action item is assigned to someone or it will likely not get done.


